Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What happened?
Usual bullshit.
About time someone
smacked that bitch.
May the wolves have
mercy on you.
Let them pass.
Fucking bullshit.
Take a picture of me.
Zoe stop acting like a child.
...but this place is awesome.
What the hell!
They're wet!
This is so humiliating.
- Meat soup. ew.
- It's fine.
Ballerinas at Teremok...
She owns this...
She is a dancer.
What's wrong?
Static...
...I think it got wet
I gotta pee.
You killed a woman in my bar.
Basement. Now.
I'll separate them.
And keep them quiet.
I'm deaf.
You are cute.
Grab the mop.
What are you doing
you little rascal?
You're alright?
Yeah. why wouldn't I be?
What did you do
to your costumes?
Is that blood?
Is that a hickey?
Zoe. Shut up!
Stop it!
Mind your own business.
Put it back.
We have to go.
Can we wait?
A cute boy said he would
give me a tattoo.
What happened to Miss Thorna?
That's not funny.
Why would you say that?
Anyone messes with you...
...kick 'em in the balls.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
You're not cute anymore.
That's a lot of guns.
Stop talking and run!
Explode!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-